Add `multiple-receive` bbe (#5291)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/multiple-receive/multiple_receive.md

# Multiple receive

> The multiple receive action allows receiving messages from multiple workers.

Reviewer: The sentence doesn't effectively differentiate between the use cases of multiple receives and alternate receive. Can we mention how it waits for all the values and constructs the map structure in a short sentence?

> The multiple receive action enables receiving messages from multiple workers, waiting until a message is available from each worker to construct a record with received values.

Reviewer 2: HBT?
```suggestion
The multiple receive action can be used to receive values from multiple send actions. It operates by awaiting the receipt of values from all the send actions, subsequently constructing a map containing those values.
```
